I'm not naturally flexible and I don't
stretch every day so how is this
possible well three things first you
look at the way bodybuilders train and
you typically see very well structured
programs but when you talk to the
naturally flexible Ballerina she
typically says the secret is to stretch
every day this sadly is not enough for
us Mortals and we actually need to learn
from how bodybuilders train it's not
about stretching every day it's about
how much you spend stretching per week
and number two you can use stretching to
unwind and relax but just know that if a
stretch is relaxing you're definitely
not pushing hard enough and your body is
not going to adapt and number three let
your body recover assuming you followed
all of my other advice your muscles are
going to be very sore I just realized
some people stretch to get rid of
soreness and now they're realizing
stretching makes your soreness worse
much worse if you don't want to figure
out how to make your own flexibility
program from scratch I have free ones oh
good price I know right stay flexy